The Jython License

A. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING
JYTHON PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation ("PSF"),
and the Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software ("Jython") in source or binary form and its associated
documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF hereby
grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce,
analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works,
distribute, and otherwise use Jython alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that PSF's License Agreement and PSF's notice of copyright,
i.e., "Copyright (c) 2007 Python Software Foundation; All Rights Reserved" are
retained in Jython alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or
incorporates Jython or any part thereof, and wants to make the derivative work
available to others as provided herein, then Licensee hereby agrees to include
in any such work a brief summary of the changes made to Jython.

4. PSF is making Jython available to Licensee on an "AS IS" basis. PSF MAKES NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT
LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF JYTHON
WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF JYTHON FOR ANY
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT OF MODIFYING,
DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING JYTHON, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material breach
of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship
of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and Licensee. This License
Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF trademarks or trade name in a
trademark sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Jython, Licensee agrees to be
bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

B. HISTORY OF THE SOFTWARE

JPython was created in late 1997 by Jim Hugunin. Jim was also the primary
developer while he was at CNRI. In February 1999 Barry Warsaw took over as
primary developer and released JPython version 1.1.

In October 2000 Barry helped move the software to SourceForge where it was
renamed to Jython. Jython 2.0 and 2.1 were developed under the Jython specific
license below.

From the 2.2 release on, Jython contributors have signed Python Software
Foundation contributor agreements and releases are covered under the Python
Software Foundation license version 2.

The standard library is covered by the Python Software Foundation license as
well. See the Lib/LICENSE file for details.

The zxJDBC package was written by Brian Zimmer and originally licensed under
the GNU Public License. The package is now covered by the Jython Software
License.

The command line interpreter is covered by the Apache Software License. See the
org/apache/LICENSE file for details.

